# Architectural Overview

An overview of this package's architecture.

---

## The Device Manager

The [`DeviceManager`][tm_devices.DeviceManager] class is the backbone of this package. It is what
facilitates connections to different devices and is responsible for correctly
selecting the driver for the device being connected to. The
[`DeviceManager`][tm_devices.DeviceManager]
keeps a mapping of all devices in use and provides access to the driver for each
active device. The device driver is what is responsible for communication with
the physical device and also contains useful attributes, which contain
information about the device, and methods, which provide various functionality.

The [`DeviceManager`][tm_devices.DeviceManager] uses a configuration parser
([`DMConfigParser`][tm_devices.components.DMConfigParser]) to read in
connection information from an optional config file as well as to store
connection information that is provided directly via python code.

### Block Diagram

```mermaid
classDiagram
    direction LR

    DeviceManager --> "0..n" Device : contains
    DeviceManager --> "1" DMConfigParser : uses
```

---

## Main device types

There are currently 9 different supported device types: **Scopes**, **Arbitrary
Waveform Generators (AWGs)**, **Arbitrary Function Generators (AFGs)**, **Source
Measure Units (SMUs)**, **Power Supplies (PSUs)**, **Data Acquisition Systems
(DAQs)**, **Digital Multimeters (DMMs)**, **Systems Switches (SSs)**, and
**Margin Testers**.

The driver class structure uses inheritance, which means that common attributes
and methods can be defined in higher-level classes (sometimes called parent
classes) and inherited by subclasses (sometimes called child classes), to reduce
the lines of code needed to create new device drivers.

Every single device driver within a particular device type is guaranteed to have
the same class signature (attribute and method names). Often times specific
device drivers will need to implement the functionality for specific methods or
even overwrite inherited functionality due to the differences that can occur
between different models of the same device type.

### Block Diagram

{{ auto_class_diagram('tm_devices.drivers.device_type_classes', full=True, namespace='tm_devices.drivers') }}

---

## All device drivers

This package supports many devices, zoom in to see them all!

### Block Diagram

{{ auto_class_diagram('tm_devices.drivers', full=True, namespace='tm_devices.drivers') }}
